# Alok Singh

| <alokbeniwal@gmail.com> • 408-421-5658 •
  [alok.blog](https://alok.github.io/) •
  [github.com/alok](https://www.github.com/alok/)

## Publications

**Numerical Weather Model Super-Resolution**, NeurIPS 2019, ML for
Physical Science Workshop

**Spiky Corrupt Markov Decision Processes** IJCAI 2019, AI Safety
Workshop

**Downscaling Numerical Weather Models with GANs** Climate Informatics
2019, AGU 2019, AMS 2019

## Education and Coursework

2013-2017

:   **BA, Mathematics**; University of California, Berkeley

    Deep Reinforcement Learning, Functional Analysis, Measure Theory,
    Algebraic Topology

## Relevant Experience

**Machine Learning Scientist, Lawrence Berkeley National Lab** (2019)

I work on using deep learning for the physical sciences (e.g. fluid
dynamics and physical simulation) to create models that are fast and
adapt to new data.

My work on using GANs for wind speed modeling was accepted to multiple
physical science conferences such as AGU, as well as NeurIPS 2019.

Other work on generative models to predict the spread of a 3D fire
simulation was presented at a climate science symposium at UC Berkeley.

**Machine Learning Consultant, Papert Labs** (2018)

Consulted companies on how to use ML. Also worked with their engineering
teams on how to integrate predictive models into their overall
engineering system, replacing hand-tuned heuristics.

**Recurse Center** (2017)

Worked on deep reinforcement learning. Implemented DAgger, DQN, and
policy gradient methods such as parallel PPO. Also worked on
metaheuristics such as genetic algorithms and simulated annealing.

**Data Scientist Intern, Radius Intelligence** (2015)

Radius acquires and performs analytics of data on small businesses. I
integrated our client's databases with our internal company data, which
increased total dataset size by 3x. Apache Spark was used to do EDA. I
also helped the data science team integrate the data with our platform
frontend.

## Relevant Projects

**Spiky CRMDPs**

Came up with an algorithm for safe exploration in an environment with a
noisy reward function. We extended DeepMind's safe grid agent
environments to [work with OpenAI
Gym](https://github.com/jvmancuso/safe-grid-agents).

**Network Compression**

Implemented model compression to test the conclusion of the paper
*Understanding Deep Learning Requires Rethinking Generalization*. Blog
post and code
[here](https://alok.github.io/2018/01/12/compressing-neural-networks-to-see-if-they-learn).

## Skills

-   Python, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Bash, UNIX, Rust, Haskell
